Brother, why are you so disobedient?
I was so badly injured before that I didn't have a good rest.
I'm still practicing here
Junior sister, why are you here?
I'll bring you ointment
Thank you, sister
Zhang Yi, help me get my clothes
No, nothing else.
I'll change the medicine for you first, and then get dressed.
Hey junior sister
Men and women are inexhaustible
And I'm not telling you this.
Are you the senior brother who grew up with me?
Also take into account male and female fat walking
Only the three girls can persuade the general
Fortunately, I'm here.
Otherwise, when will you get better like this?
Junior Sister
Ah, I'll do it myself
Ah!
senior brother
Why are you unhappy today?
I'm not unhappy.
When you were a child, as long as you were unhappy
I will keep ordering by myself
No one can stop you
I just hate not protecting you that day
and
If it weren't for my injury
You wouldn't come to me, would you?
You most likely will
Go to the dungeon
Or Lin's Land
So that's what you were thinking
Even if you don't get hurt
I will come to you too
OK
The medicine is over
I'll go first then.
senior brother